There was a man standing in the dust. He was wearing a pale trenchcoat,
which seemed to have seen ages and over – it was used and re-used,
repaired (albeit smoothly and carefully) beyond itself, in such a manner
that hinted at extreme endurance. The tailor of this particular coat was
a master at his art, but even he would have been amazed by the sturdy
appearance the garment still glowed with.

The man glanced around, but there was noone. It was, in a word, desert.
Quite literally, in fact, because there was more sand around than rocks,
and rocks accounted for a large part of the shade. After reflection, this
was probably the Sahara. Not that the location mattered. But it definitely
helped there not being any people: the screaming that ensues whenever the
man does something weird is not very pleasant on the ears.

Today he seemed to be quite enjoying himself. He'd first started by building
a platform out of molten sand (not quite glass yet, although a bit more
temperature and control would have done the trick) then he'd begun to bore
down a shaft into the dune, sealing the sides with almost-glass. The hole
was just about a meter wide, and its bottom was dropping fast. In fact, the
few grains of sand that were not vitrified and continued dancing into the air
were almost comical in their efforts to fall down to the ground… which was
going and going much faster than they were.

Thirty-two seconds later, the tunnel end broke the sound barrier. The resulting
shock wave rode up the glass cylinder in seventeen seconds before erupting in a
loud pop at the surface. The absence of glass breakage was a testimony both to
the man's foreboding awareness and construction soundness.

Just over half a minute later, the tunnel end broke through to the mantle and
stopped, as the program running it couldn't cope with a molten rock medium. But
the work was done. Magma has an average pressure of a million times the atmospheric
pressure. Even considering the additional thirty-five kilometres of height the
tunnel provided, the magma was now free to go out as fast as it can.

Up on the surface, a violent upwards blast of air emanated from the hole, as the
column of air was rapidly pushed back by several hundred tonnes of molten rock.
Quite surprisingly, the flux actually slowed itself down as it rose, due to its
high density and the friction against the walls: the weight and drag was impeding
its movement. Less than half a minute in, the lava erupted in an initially tight
jet, slowly fanning out… it peaked about two kilometres above the surface, before
scattering and falling back down.

After a lengthy initial burst, the stream calmed down somewhat and created its
mountain. For months after this, the red glow would be visible at all times of the
day, and mile-high eruptions would occasionally occur. The first people to walk
upon the newly born volcano would wonder at the shard of similarly curved glass in
the rock. They would establish an encampment there due to the large lakes created;
this would then evolve into a merchant town, a travel hub for dozens of trade routes
and many millions of visitors would stream through the desert and sleep at the inns.
There would be a constant, but fading, fear of a new eruption, but the volcano did
not utter a quip for centuries, until a blip in the world's magic ripped at the
remains of the original digging spell and caused a single bubble to rise through.
Fortunately, by that time civilasation would be much more advanced: the outburst
would be detected and immediately contained; only a few tremors would disrupt the
inhabitants.



STREAM: Tahlr


— Arr, yarr, so I was hurtlin' through the outback in this piece of junk
  when my crystals fell apart, so I got out an' gave'm a proper burial.
  But y'know, maybe I shouldn't have 'cause I think I'd rather've saved
  my water for my poor throat, heh.

— You still made it alive, though.

— Aah, yes, that I did. Found meself a corpse, gave me the fright o' my
  life, but poor guy hadn't drunk all of his flask when he croaked. I
  say, I buried more souls on this once than I ever did before. Perhaps
  this is what saved me, if you don't mind me saying…

— There's no ears here.

— …oh that's good to hear, but y'can never be too prudent. Err, enough
  'bout me, I'm justa old drunkard now, the world is passing me by. It's
  not my time anymore, huh. So what'sa young'un like ya doin' here, if
  ya don't mind me asking?

— I'm just a student.

— Justa? Just? Ahrr, keep at it, you'll become something. Not like me. Oh
  for all our drunk sakes promise me… arr, promise… that's ya'll never
  be like meself, kay?

— Don't you worry, gramps. Philip! I'll settle his tab.

— You're too generous kid. Be safe out there.


He got up, paid both accounts and walked calmly out the door. I waited a
full minute before going up to the bar and asking:

— Excuse me, but who was that young man? I mean, I don't–

— Don't worry. Everybody asks the first time. I don't know what it is,
  but that kid's something else. Everyone here finds him a little odd,
  nobody knows what's up, though. He came in one day just after I'd
  opened up, sat down at that same table you were at, and stayed the
  night.

A small woman piped up:

— I remember! I came in and out five times that night, and he didn't
  move an inch. Barely touched his drink either. It wasn't until…

A shabby suit interrupted.

— No, he did come up once before that. On a dark night, with no moon.

— Ah, stop it with your stories, Arthur. As I was saying, it wasn't
  until Max passed that he came to sit at the bar.

— May he rest in peace.

Before I'd noticed, everyone in the small room had come together around
me, trying to speak up and say what they had. The barman –Philip– cast
his eyes around, and gruffly instructed everyone away and back to their
space.

— You're smothering the poor thing! Shoo!

I opened my mouth but he continued:

— The kid comes in nearly every day. Come again and talk to him, would
  you? He hardly gets to speak to people his age, here. And finish your
  drink; it's on the house.


* * *


The following day I came into the bar as early as I could. Philip raised
an eyebrow but made no comment. I got a pint and sat down. As people sat,
drank, talked, left, paid, drank again… I observed everything through
half-closed eyes. The half tones, the faded sunlight. The dusty rays of
brightness from the lone skylight. Dark shapes moving about. The strange
dance of alcohol poured and mixed and shaken and served. The intriguing
creaking of the wood and steel in the boards and ceiling. That was nothing
out of the ordinary, for the average out-in-the-old-burbs bar – at least,
on the surface. However, there was a distinctive feel about the place, an
imperceptible unease, something only very slightly offsetting, that one
couldn't quite place. I think the regulars came for that very same thing:
perhaps even in hope that by staying there they might discover the source
of the trouble. Thus the place had made its reputation. “They go there for
the small excitement of a new experience, but whether one stays or not is
a measure of their curiosity, whatever they may say.” The words were from
a man who was convinced the next big story would come from there. His tip
had fazed neither I nor the rest of the journalists whom he had spoken to;
besides, it wasn't for this reason I had come here.

As the sun bore down lower on the horizon, there were a few times I nearly
got up and left, gave up on waiting. But somehow Patrick knew that, and kept
me occupied until I decided to stay for a while again. He told me and had
some of the regular tell me of various tall tales, which none but the drunk
would believe, and they all knew it, but they kept telling them, and laughing
at the parts that were even more ridiculous than the tales themselves. The
atmosphere seemed to be shifting from cheery to grim to euphoric to sad to
content again, and as the light shone brighter and the sky became darker, the
drunkedness increased, if only ever so slightly. I had been drinking something
completely new to me, a particularly strong yet incredibly sweet alcohol, which
could only – according to the patrons – be drunk straight by either fools or madmen.
I myself contended with lapping it up a few mils at a time, and by the time the
sun set I had reached only just under the halfway mark.

And I looked at the door. And the door was closed. And the door was open. And
it was closed again. The young man walked through and sat next to me, nodded
once in the direction of my drink, and sighed. I stuttered a greeting. He did
not even blink. When his drink was done – the same as mine – he turned to me and
smiled:

— You want to know who I am.

— Yes.

— I cannot say anything here. But if you wish to take a leap of faith, you may
  join me someone more private. However, I will not leave this seat for the night.
  Hence you have to choose: are you a fool to men for trusting me, or are you one
  of them madmen?

He took his glass and downed it straight. And, after only a moment's hesitation, I
did the same with my remaining half. The disconfort was immediate. The liquor instantly
disabled most of my senses, and left my brain whirring along for an interminably long
second. Had I been in a novel, perhaps, my life would have flashed before my eyes and
I would have been terrified of what might come next, unsure of anything. But this was
real life, and my brain did what it did best in these situations: it became fixated on
the only thing I possibly didn't wish to think of right now: whether or now, that very
morning, I had put my grey socks in the washing, insignificance which seemed the only
obstacle between me and ethanol-fueled nirvana. I cringed. Wait– I cringed?

I looked around to discover the bar gone and its patrons vanished.

— Drat! Now I've gone crazy.

— Precisely.

The voice had come from nowhere. In fact, I was nowhere.

— Not exactly. You're inside my head.

— You mean /my/ head, right? I'm talking to the voice in my head because I've gone
  crazy, and this is even crazier, oh oh I should shut up.

— Would this make it any easier?

I blinked: I was now sitting on a bench, in what looked suspiciously like a painting
of a park I had seen again and again. At the far end, beyond a bouquet of young trees,
was a single gondola floating on clear water.

— The Lone Gondola. A painting by an unknown artist, found over 500 years ago during
  a raid on a then-famous art thief's collection, and authenticated to be many several
  millenia older than that. The oldest painting in the world, it is said, yet no one
  knows how it was painted…

— …the technology at the time wasn't advanced enough, and the scene it represents is
  unheard of existing at the time. I learned this at school. It's one of the great
  mysteries of the world. And we are in the painting?

— No. This is merely a projection. I have tried to reconstruct the scene as faithfully
  as possible, but there are a few minor kinks and off-place details. You are, indeed,
  inside my head. I used the stupor induced by the liquor to bypass your innate mental
  defenses and invite you in. You might have taken a class on the subject. If you have,
  you will know that there is no way for me to project an image of myself to act as my
  avatar; and while I could project another figure instead, I prefer to just stay thus
  and speak without body nor shade. It's a bit easier, if you will.

— I have taken it, or rather, I am taking at the moment. But, just previously, you…
  read my mind, didn't you?

— Again, not quite. While your inner thoughts happen within your mind, outer thoughts
  are merely contained whispers. Out in the world, to listen in to these requires one
  to cast a line near your mind… and capture the signal. In this no-space, though,
  both outer thoughts and speech are wide open. In fact, what you are hearing right
  this moment are more like outer thoughts than speech. There's so little distinction
  it would be meaningless to use one over the other predominantly.
  
  But: you didn't come here to be lectured on inter-mind messaging principles. I believe
  you have a few questions for me. Don't you?

I didn't answer, but instead got up and walked to the gondola. I remembered spending
long hours staring at the painting, at its almost magical beauty – or maybe really
magical, as a millenia-old painting could not possibly have survived by simply being…
could it? The question was not one worth pursuing by myself, as countless scholars, much
more experienced than myself, were always coming to grips about their various conjectures.
As school-children, we contented ourselves with the more exciting yet simplistic ones: was
the painting proof of an earlier advanced civilisation? of time travel? of aliens? Yet,
beyond the squabble, I remember a small question in my mind: what was painted on the other
side of the small craft? On the visible side, there was a small, stylised sun. Was there
a moon on the reverse? Another sun? Or maybe nothing? I went through the possibilities.
The question was so insignificant that it stuck in my mind throughout the years. In art
class one year, I painted suns like the one in the painting everywhere. I was crazed, by
something very different to the incessant worries of kids my age. And now I was /in/ a
projection of that painting! What would I see if I looked at the other side now?

A white rose. It was a white rose. Something I had never thought of. But I was in a
projection, so… I frowned.

— That white rose. Is it mine or yours?

There was no answer, if only a faint chuckle. I reiterated. Again and again. And finally:
‘Neither.’ Neither? Then whose? But try as I might, I couldn't get another word out. So
I walked back to the bench and asked the question I had originally come here for:

— Who are you?

He spoke, but the sounds were foreign to my ear. And suddenly, I was at the bar again,
a concerned young man looking up at me. I realised I was standing. As I sat back down
he asked:

— What did I say?

And, again, to my confused expression:

— In /nazel/, what did I say?

— Nazel? Is that the language you spoke?

— No. Well, yes. /Nazel/ is the word in that language for the ‘dream sleep’: the state of
  mind we were just in, albeit artificially. I do not know the name of the language, I do
  not even know many of its words. What I do know is that whenever I bring someone in
  nazel, and they ask who I am, they hear me speaking thus. However, I myself do not speak
  the words consciously, and I find I have no recollection of the event.

— You don't? But, why would it matter? You do know who... oh. You don't know who you
  are? Then, why…

— I might not know who I really am, but it doesn't mean I do not know I am at the moment.
  It's been a while. But something happened tonight: you asked another question. And even
  if I didn't answer back then, it was only to avoid further delay. Do you want to know?

— Whether the white rose was yours or mine? Or rather, why you answered as you did? Yes.

He smiled and asked once again. Somewhat puzzled, I confirmed my answer.

— Very well. The white rose is neither mine nor yours, because there really was a white
  rose on the other side of that gandola. I know, because I painted that scene. Don't
  looked too shocked, please, it would worry Patrick, and I do not wish the burden of
  knowledge on unsuspecting people. I am the painter. I am, indeed, /eons/ old.

And, in a kidful voice, yet with completely serious eyes:

— Well, I've kept up rather nicely, don't you think?


* * *

STREAM: Amlah


It's been three days now that I'm alone so I decided to keep a diary.
Just to pass the time, y'know. It reminds me of Meia.

She's probably dead, now, along with everyone else. I don't even know
why I'm writing this. I think it's because I'm lonely. There's nobody
else, there's nothing else, it's me and the cargo ship. It's quite
ridiculous really, we're near Alice Springs, it's supposed to be desertic
and rocks and small bush for hundreds of Ks, but no. There's me on a cargo
ship full of canned food and we're standing still on vitrified ground.
It's horrible. Small consolation: they didn't use old atomics, so there's
no radiation. I'm safe. And alone. And I don't know why we survived. We?
See, I'm already going crazy: I'm talking about the cargo ship and me as we.

I wish I'd have gone out with Eddy last month. That way I might have had a
boyfriend and we might have been three (with the cargo ship), stuck in the
middle of nowhere. Or we might have been vitrified while making out. I can't
even decide which would have been better. Fortunately my chances of dying are
pretty slim right now. Suicide is not an option, you understand, don't you?
Dammit. Now we're three: the cargo ship, my diary, and me. So, suicide; there's
that little part of me that says it might be better, to die and not have to
worry about things and not have to write that stupid diary. No offence. But
everytime I think that, my gut hurts, my chest aches, and I feel like crying:
because I don't want to die.

I'm Emily, by the way. I'm Emily and I don't want to die.


* * *


EMAIL ARCHIVE #00392

From: your-big-bro@abhi.js
To: meia@joynahs.ul
Subject: (empty)

Hey sis,

I've fixed a few typos here and there, but only in comments! Your spelling
hasn't improved, huh? I really miss having a real wire, this email-proxy
solution is weird. It's kinda cool to be able to work on something so normal
right now, I keeps the pressure off.

Anyway, here's the diff:

    diff --git a/jake/build.js b/jake/build.js
    index cdcb7ec..b135792 100644
    --- a/jake/build.js
    +++ b/jake/build.js
    @@ -1,6 +1,6 @@
     /*!
    -  * Jake - A JavaScript make tool for the 22nd cantury
    -  * Copyright 2136 (c) Abhi "abhijs" Joynahsul <http://abhi.js>
    +  * Jake - A JavaScript make tool for the 22nd century
    +  * Copyright 2137 (c) Meia Joynahsul
       * https://repocentral/jake.git
       */
     const Build = function(makefile_path) {
    @@ -10,7 +10,7 @@ const Build = function(makefile_path) {
       makefile = Makefile.parse(File.load(makefile_path))
       
       makeClosuredFile = function(filename) {
    -    // "file" lines need to be make'd inside a closure each
    +    // each "file" line need to be made inside a closure
         return (new Header(makefile.metadata)).topComment() +
                "\n\n(function(){\n" +
                (new CoffeeMaker(filename)).toString() +
    @@ -18,7 +18,7 @@ const Build = function(makefile_path) {
       }
       
       makeClosuredFiles = function(filenames) {
    -    // "files" blocks need to be make'd inside a single closure
    +    // each "files" block need to be made inside a single closure
         return (new Header(makefile.metadata)).toComment() +
                "\n\n(function(){\n" +
                (for (filename in filenames) { (new CoffeeMaker(filename)).toString() }).join("\n\n") +
    @@ -26,9 +26,9 @@ const Build = function(makefile_path) {
       }
       
       make = function() {
    -    // Return as arry of strings
    +    // Return as array of strings
         return for (instr in makefile.build) {
    -      // Order doesn't matter, so can use for..in
    +      // Order doesn't matter, so we can use for..in
           if (instr.type == "file")
             makeClosureFile(instr.file)
           elsif (instr.type == "files")

I've also changed the copyright line: it's your baby now. Take good care of it,
OK? ;)

Keep me posted,

Abhi


* * *


There was a man standing in the blood. He looked so out of place, wearing a plain t-shirt
marked with the name of a non-existant band (three different angsty teenage bands would
later take up the name, in the time of almost nine decades, without anybody noticing the
pattern nor the repeating themes in their lyrics. After all, angsty teenage bands were
never known for very long.)

Around him, hundreds– no, thousands of bodies, lay below the naked overhead neon tubes,
and a fine mist of blood filtered the blue out of their light. The man thought about it
for a second, and decided that even though it looked pretty good, his clothes would be
quite deeply stained if he moved in such an environment. No stain was uncleanable, but the
effort required wasn't worth it. ‘Prevention is better than cure’ he chuckled. He set up a
simple void buffer in a truncated elliptoid around himself, with an automatic lower boundary
to keep his ankles clean but his feet free. He frowned at the sharp difference in humidity
on his skin around the boundary, but chose to ignore it and refine the program at a later date.

He stepped forward slowly, his bare feet splashing in the half centimetre of blood that was covering
the tiled floor, and headed to the nearest wall. The explosion had covered most surfaces in a rather
large radius, but the different velocities, timings, and directions had created a subtly evocative
fresco of bright red and crimson. The explosion had been caused by cold compressed gas rather than 
burning hot fuel. The man poked his finger through the buffer shield and traced a series of symbols
with the back of a nail, then repeated the task on all visible bloodied surfaces, writing different
sequences every time, and keeping the number of repeated characters low to prevent the simple encoding
from revealing itself too easily.

He chuckled again. ‘Let them figure this one out.’ The thought seemed to put him into a merry mood.
He stepped away from the carnage, whistling and smiling, and stopped before a young girl, standing
at the edge of the gigantic pool of blood, her eyes cast in the direction her mommy was standing at
a mere dozen minutes ago. ‘Boo.’ The girl turned and ran, slipping and falling twice before the bend
in the tunnel. She would come out only 2 years later, and quickly take over the largest software
company of the time, to the surprise of everybody but a man in a plain t-shirt. The incident would
be kept open and unsolved forever, although the symbols would be translated half a millenia later
and inspire a book called /Hoax or Fate: The Dark Machinations of the Universe/, which would prove
to be a good source of amusement for some, and of debate for others. It would certainly sell a lot.


* * *


STREAM: Amlah

Day 4:

Nothing else happened.


Day 5:

Still nothin.


Day 6:

…


Day 7:

Nope.


Day 8:



Day 17:

The ground is still too hot so I can't explore much. Every morning I test it by
tearing off the paper wrappings from a can and dropping it overboard. And every
morning since… the paper bursts into flames when it reaches the ground (or
maybe even before that – I'm quite high up so I can't see the details). Additionally,
it gets hotter and hotter as I go down into the depths of the ship. I have no idea
when (or if, but I am determined to stay positive) this place will cool down enough
for me to step out. I am starting to feel claustrophobic, here on this massive, empty
boat. I'll only write if something happens… so if these are my last words, please
find my body and take it away from this place. Please.


* * *

EMAIL ARCHIVE #00478:

To: meia@joynahs.ul
From: brothr@abhi.js
Subject: Your bed.........

....is taken. I know you wont care, because your not here, and oh how I miss u please
come home safe. Your bed is taken by a halfconscious girl I found bleeding on the
fields last night. I brought her in. I healed her to the best I coud. I still dont
know who she is or whether I'm gonna get in trouble for that but it's what mom and
dad would have done. Please dont tell me it's foolish. I know I know I know. I've
been thinking all about it all the times and its driving me crazy. There's nobody
here and I just want to talk to someone please answer abhi it's killing me.


* * *

STREAM: Tahlr

— Oh, and by the way, the name's Jane.

He had just declared himself to be a man beyond any reckoning, had just displayed a
facility and proficiency with advanced mind techniques, had just revealed that he had
painted /the/ painting… and yet he kept chit-chatting as if nothing had happened!

— Well, to me, it's not really too out of the ordinary, y'know.

— Wh– I thought you said you couldn't read my mind!

— I can't. It's just written all over your face.

He was looking somewhat amused.

— Now, let's see… would you mind telling me yours?

— Huh?

— Thy name, fair Lady. Doeth-thou please to give it up hence?

— Oh. Oh. Ah. Uh. Stop chuckling!

He raised an eyebrow. I swallowed and stammered.

— Sorry. I– it's not– I. Ah. My-name-is-Emily-Is-it-really-true-How-can…-Do-you-have-
  proof-Do-I-even-want-to-know-Oh-Why-me-Why-tell-/me/-of-all-people?

– Well. Let's see: Nice-to-meet-you-Yes-it-is-Because-it-is-so…-I-do-That's-your-choice-
  You-seemed-nice-and-your-ki-feels-trustworthy. Oh and: nice name, by the way.

He seemed to be enjoying himself thouroughly, a notion I found absolutely terrifying.
Still:

— My ki /feels/ trustworthy?

— Yes. Ki, or aura, or spirit, or chakra, or any other name that's been given to it.
  It's all the same thing. I like ‘ki’ as it's short and to-the-point, but you can
  substitute your preference. It's really just another kind of energy. What is commonly
  called ‘magic’ is a specific protocol, a set of rules that govern the use of this
  energy. But beneath the protocol, there's something sometimes called /taint/: this
  is what I mean when I say your ki feels trustworthy. Taint is a generalisation of
  your particular ki signature.

— By signature, you mean how someone's magic is unique?

— Yes. The ki your body generates has various characteristics. Quantity, quality,
  seasonal and diurnal fluctuations, jitter, frequency, polarisation, purity… there's
  a lot more, depending on how deep or complex you want to get. Generally, most of these
  are fixed at certain levels, and the set of all these characteristics forms your ki
  signature. It can change, most often unconsciously when something in you changes,
  although it is possible to modify your own signature yourself. It's very difficult and
  carries a lot of risk, but it's possible.

— And taint is a generalisation… I don't get it.

— Simply put, the ki signatures of people can be closely related to their personalities
  and heart and what have you. I'm not implying causation here, simply correlation based
  on my own experience. When I look at you ki, its particular pattern resembles those of
  my other people, and it so happens most of these were trustworthy. I just followed the
  trend and took my chances. Given the large amount of people I've delt with, I rarely
  make a mistake that way.

— But you have made mistakes?

— Sometimes.

— Um. OK. Now what?

— Sorry?

— Now that I know who you say you are… what's going to happen? Do I owe you? Do I have to
  do something for you? With you? I'm just c-confused.

— And frightened at that. Don't be. I'm just a tad older than you are. I've lived through
  the ages and that might be exactly why I'm not trying to swindle you: swindlers either
  get caught or die in misery. Or both. There are very few who don't. Until about six
  centuries ago, I kept track of them through the painting: rumours about it travel fast
  within the underground, and there's even entire secret societies dedicated to finding
  information about it. That painting turned out to be a very handy tool.
  
  To come back to your questions: you're still as free as you were three hours ago. All
  you have gained is knowledge, and all you have lost is blissful ignorance. You know
  who I say I am, you know I exist, that is all. The only thing iss: if you feel the need
  to tell or ask me something, please do, OK? Keep in contact.

— How? Will you keep coming back here?

— No. I move around. Just talk to the painting. It's rather accessible nowadays. Or, if
  urgency is of importance, you can always smash a crystal and blood-taint it.

— Th-that's–

— Yeah. Extreme. Dangerous. Often forbidden and strongly cautioned against. But it does
  alert everyone who keeps tabs on you, instantly, as well as give you an energy boost. 

I stood up to leave. He looked up and bode me good night. My legs got myself home and
when I finally calmed down it downed on me I had forgotten something.

— Drat! The place. The bar felt funny. Why did it feel funny? Drat. Oh, now I don't have
  anything. Deadline is in two days, better get cracking making stuff up.

As usual. Emily Darh. Journalist. Student. Information swindler.

— Drat.


* * *

EMAIL ARCHIVE #00499:

To: m3@abhi.js
From: meia@joynahs.ul
Subject: That girl you rescued

How is she? You told me she woke up but what did she do? What did she say?
Keep me updated, k?

It's been a long week here, the connection dropped last Monday without any
warning and everyone started to scramble for cover… there's no telling whether
this cut was just technical or indicative of action somewhere, and if it's the
latter I don't really want to think about it. It's somewhat cowardly of me, isn't
it?

In any case, there's a new techie in town. His name's Holly – which is a girl's
name, yes, but he says it's just a mispelling by the nurse. Well, whatever. He's
awesomely good with hardware, which is a boon as nobody really knew how the wiring
was and I couldn't tell the difference between a coaxial and a crossover from the
inside out – he's been teaching me, though. Great guy.

I think there might be an opportunity to come home soon. According to the weather
forecast, there's a storm brewing. A big one. If it turns out to be a hurricane,
this entire zone will probably be left alone while they mobilise to protect their
head-quarters. That would give us a 12-hours window to get through to the other side.

Love you,

Abhi


* * *

STREAM: Amlah

Day 52:

Rain! Rain! It's raining!


Day 53:

The rain is still going on. I've filled all the empty cans I have with rain water, so
no more drinking canned milk and syrup for a while! But more importantly: the ground
has been cooled down by the rain and I was able to step out. It felt really weird. The
water made it really slippery though, so I didn't stray. When this deluge stops I'll
go explore. FINALLY! YES!!!


Day 54:

Today was awesome. And somewhat sad. I went out and walked and walked and walked until
I reached the edge. I counted my steps and lost count three times. I sang to myself. I
listed all my friends and remembered what they would tell me. Meia, Abhi, Lily, Arno,
Little Matthew, Zane, Corey, Lola, Will, August, the Bautel twins, Mr Ravioli, grannie
Smith…

I hope they're okay. I don't think they are, but I hope. I hope.

I reached the edge just after zenith. Midday, I guess, but all electronics are dead so
I can't really tell. I walked on this dark translucent slab for hours. And all that time
I somehow forgot how it got there. I shut it out, I think. When I reached the edge it hit
me so hard. Especially when I saw the building.

I knew that building. I'd drove past it a hundred times. From afar, yea, but I still
recognized it. It was one of Bond Springs Airport's buildings. Off by Stuart Hwy 87.
And about a kilometre away, sure enough, I found the road. I found the road and I looked
south and there was the dark glass I'd walked upon. The Alice was in there. The people,
the city, the springs, everything. It was all glass now. Dark, dark glass.

I cried as I walked back.
All the way.

i want
to go
home


* * *

STREAM: Tahlr

Information swindling is an actual business. If you tell anyone on the street that
making stuff up can get you big bucks, they'll probably look at you weirdly. Or,
they'll think you're another big shot contemporary artist they haven't heard of yet.
However, you just have to change the wording a bit and they'll understand straight
away: strategic extrapolation. Well, actually, they won't understand, but one of the
words sounds businessy and the other has more than three syllables. It's appearances
that count.

My last article was a rambling account of the art thieving business before, during, and
after the last two dozen massive police raids that happened within the past 500 years.
I had little idea what I was talking about, but I went to the street and bought a meal
for two homeless guys, got them to tell me whatever art story was going on for the past
50 years, exagerated a bunch, changed a letter in their names (that were probably fake
anyway) and gave them pompous professions and titles, just so I could cite them as experts.
I barely made the deadline, my boss saw right through the badly written prose, and sent me
away:

— If you're going to swindle, at least do it properly. I'll get an intern onto polishing
  that trash, and you're not getting paid for that one. You've got a month to impress me
  like you did the first time. Now get the fuck out.

Yikes. My landlord is gonna hate me. Time to hit the streets. If I'm gonna write something
good, I'll need good information. And an information swindler looking for good information
is usually the butt of some recurring joke. Information can be traded for three things:
money (always), secrets in, or secrets out. I don't have money. So I've got to find secrets.
Or make them up. Whichever gets me what I want.

I'll start with easy marks and go from that. I also need to pick a neighbourhood I haven't
done before – so they don't know me – and won't need to go back to later – it can get
difficult. That means transport. That means leaving my beloved bed behind for a month. That
means I'll be grumpy and irritable, which is perfect for the job but not so much for my
mood. I get home, pull a map from a drawer and set of dice. Roll, roll, pick, choose, mark.
I've got a blacklist and a greylist and a don't-fuck-it-up list, so I've got to roll again
if I land at any of these places. Pulling an area out of thin air through a die or six might
not seem very smart, but it actually works: it's fair, it lets me concentrate on the job at
hand and not on choosing where it should take place, and it gets pesky emotions, intuition,
gut feelings, and the like right out of the way. These have their place. This ain't it.